SOC Analyst - job post
Knack Consulting Services Pvt Ltd
Mohali, Punjab
Knack Consulting Services Pvt Ltd
Mohali, Punjab
Profile insights
Here’s how the job qualifications align with your profile.
Skills

Do you have experience in SIEM?
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Job type

&nbsp;
Location
Mohali, Punjab
&nbsp;
Full job description

Job Title: SOC Analyst (Incident Management)

Experience- 4+ yrs

Location-Mohali

Mode- Strictly Work from Office (5 Days working)

Notice Period- 30 days

Responsibilities:

    Act as a key role in the resolution of cyber security incidents.
    Work with IT Infrastructure and application team to support every-day SOC operation.
    Perform Incident Handling by effective communication and coordination of incident response efforts.
    Act as a primary incident responder as well as an incident coordinator between other business units for effective incident resolution.
    Perform the first/second level triage and escalate the security incidents to senior staffs for further investigations whenever necessary.
    Perform active incident tracking using ticket management system and provide frontline analysis for all the newly generated alerts/incidents in SOC platform, also engage respective IT team for the remediation.
    Plan and manage Incident response procedure. Document and maintain a daily report of security incidents.
    Assist in improving overall operational efficiency of SOC platforms and creation of security dashboards/higher level security presentation for management.


Requirements:

    Familiarity with principles of Incident Management, including common incident response frameworks.
    Knowledge of SIEM, AV, EDR, Next-Gen Firewalls, Cloud Platforms etc.
    Basic knowledge of IT Networking concepts.
    Skills in monitoring/reporting security remediations and incident response activities.
    Effective Documentation Skill.
    Effective verbal and written communication skills.
    Effective Stakeholder management.
    Experience of working in a complex matrix environment with both internal and 3rd party resources.
    Ability to rapidly and thoroughly understand the environment in which you will operate (people, applications, technology, process).
    Ability to work in an international multicultural team.

Skills: SOC Analyst , siem , av , edr , next-gen firewalls , cloud platforms , Incident Management , cyber security incidents
