Senior Information Security Engineer Analyst - job post
Optum
(part of UnitedHealth Group)
3.33.3 out of 5 stars
Gurugram, Haryana
Optum
Gurugram, Haryana
Profile insights
Here’s how the job qualifications align with your profile.
Certifications

Do you have a valid CISSP certification?
Skills

Do you have experience in Venafi?
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Job type

&nbsp;
Location
Gurugram, Haryana
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

    Health insurance

&nbsp;
Full job description

Optum is a global organization that delivers care, aided by technology to help millions of people live healthier lives. The work you do with our team will directly improve health outcomes by connecting people with the care, pharmacy benefits, data and resources they need to feel their best. Here, you will find a culture guided by inclusion, talented peers, comprehensive benefits and career development opportunities. Come make an impact on the communities we serve as you help us advance health optimization on a global scale. Join us to start Caring. Connecting. Growing together.

Be a contributing member of the collaborative team responsible for Optum’s Digital Certificate Services. This position will be responsible for ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the enterprise certificate lifecycle management platform along with the related core capabilities of ensuring domain validation and certificate operations
including issuance, renewal, and revocation are always available for applications and platforms. Collaborate with other IT teams to drive certificate automation and other certificate management best practices. Provide operational support in the day-to-day tasks involved with providing a centralized, enterprise certificate management platform.

Primary Responsibilities:

    Provide operations support in the day-to-day tasks of managing certificates using Venafi Data Center Protect
    Engineer and develop tactical and strategic solutions to improve and automate certificate management
    Engineer and drive forward new initiatives that supports and enhance Certificate Lifecycle Management
    Provide innovative solutions to automate repetitive operational tasks
    Analyze, design, develop and deploy integrations to help adopt Venafi products in customer environments
    Participate as an independent contributor within an agile based team
    Comply with the terms and conditions of the employment contract, company policies and procedures, and any and all directives (such as, but not limited to, transfer and/or re-assignment to different work locations, change in teams and/or work shifts, policies in regards to flexibility of work benefits and/or work environment, alternative work arrangements, and other decisions that may arise due to the changing business environment). The Company may adopt, vary or rescind these policies and directives in its absolute discretion and without any limitation (implied or otherwise) on its ability to do so

Required Qualifications:

    4+ years of PKI, certificate management, or related experience
    Experience with certificate lifecycle management platforms, with emphasis on Venafi
    Scripting and automation experience leveraging Powershell, Python, or other scripting languages
    Understanding of X.509 certificates and general certificate management processes
    Serve as a subject matter expert regarding certificate management operation for internal teams
    Ability to participate in on call rotation


Preferred Qualifications:

    Undergraduate degree in applicable area of expertise or equivalent experience
    CISSP or other security related certification
    Cloud Infrastructure experience in any of the major CSP’s including MS Azure, AWS, or GCP
    Identity and Access Management experience


At UnitedHealth Group, our mission is to help people live healthier lives and make the health system work better for everyone. We believe everyone–of every race, gender, sexuality, age, location and income–deserves the opportunity to live their healthiest life. Today, however, there are still far too many barriers to good health which are disproportionately experienced by people of color, historically marginalized groups and those with lower incomes. We are committed to mitigating our impact on the environment and enabling and delivering equitable care that addresses health disparities and improves health outcomes - an enterprise priority reflected in our mission.

#Nic #NJP
