company:Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) 
Manager - System Security Planning
2.739 reviews·View all jobs
Melbourne VIC, Australia (Hybrid)
Security (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Add expected salary to your profile for insights
Posted 4d ago

AEMO at the Heart of Energy 

AEMO is Australia’s independent energy system and market operator and system planner. AEMO’s purpose is to ensure safe, reliable and affordable energy today, and enable the energy transition for the benefit of all Australians.  Australian governments are now committed to a net zero economy for Australia by 2050 and our vision is to enable this. We have the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to co-design the future of our energy systems, and our core values revolve around character, commitment, and connection. Join us as we contribute to this significant transition in the energy sector. 

 
About the Team

 The System Planning department is responsible for strategic power system planning to support the investment and operation of Australia's electricity markets and infrastructure as the economy transitions to net zero emissions by 2050. The department conceptualises and assesses long-term infrastructure projects, and conducts detailed reviews of power system security, operability and reliability. This professional engineering and economic analysis can trigger major and minor infrastructure investments and supports industry and government in their operation. This is a critical function in AEMO’s overall System Design division, effectively defining the National Electricity Market (NEM) and gas market development needs and opportunities.

 

About the role

As the Manager, System Security Planning, you will lead the planning, coordination, and review of system security across south‑eastern Australia. In this role, you’ll develop and strengthen strategic relationships with network businesses, market bodies, energy consumers, and other key stakeholders to support the delivery of critical electricity system security planning activities.

Working in a rapidly evolving energy market, this role will see you play a key part in responding to changing market needs. This includes providing valued services, delivering high‑quality analysis, and preparing impartial advice to a diverse and highly engaged stakeholder group.

As a people leader, you’ll help shape AEMO into an exceptional organisation that plans and operates energy systems and markets while delivering strong stakeholder value. You will guide and support the System Security Planning team, encourage a culture of continuous improvement, and ensure the team works collaboratively with other departments, market institutions, governments, industry participants, and consumers.

 

What you will be doing

    Lead the System Security Planning team including team member development, resourcing, reporting, culture and engagement. Contribute to enterprise-wide leadership of AEMO, as a member of the management team, continuing to build stakeholder trust in AEMO’s capability.

    Oversee the delivery of AEMO’s statutory planning obligations, including the annual review of Network Support and Control Ancillary Services (NSCAS), system strength assessments and inertia reports. This work involves shaping and influencing transmission network service providers in the planning of future regulated infrastructure, as well as reviewing and constructively challenging their submissions to the AER—such as annual planning reports, Regulatory Investment Tests for Transmission (RIT‑T), and revenue reset proposals.

    Engage with internal and external stakeholders to provide expert advice on future power system development, along with advising on energy system issues, influencing decision-making processes and maintain currency of information. Stakeholders include executive levels internally and externally, and include a wide range of market bodies, Government, business and industry bodies.

    Develop and maintain guidelines, methodologies and procedures that are relevant to the network planning, professional engineering and economic assessment.

 

What you will bring to the role

    Relevant tertiary qualifications in the area of Electrical Engineering.

    Extensive experience in power system planning.

    Working knowledge in the use of Power System and Electricity Market Analysis applications.

    Detailed understanding of the National Electricity Rules and economic planning frameworks.

    Demonstrated experience in developing and leading change management initiatives and managing risk in a highly technical and challenging environment.

    Demonstrated experience in stakeholder engagement.

 

In return some of our benefits to you  

    Flexible working: work from home, part time, job share, hybrid options, and additional leave options 

    Professional development via projects, industry networks, job rotation, study assistance and more. 

    Give back with up to 4 days of volunteering leave per year. 

    Reward your hard work with annual performance bonuses (subject to eligibility). 

    Embrace a healthier you with our wellness program, discounted health insurance, gym perks and our comprehensive Employee Assistance Program (EAP). 

 

About Our Process   

At AEMO we are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome people of all backgrounds, including people with disabilities and neurodivergence and those who identify as Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander. If you have any accessibility requirements to support you during the application or interview process, simply let us know by emailing us at talent@aemo.com.au 
