
IT Auditor - Apprentice 
Pune, Maharashtra, India · Reposted 1 day ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
How your profile and resume fit this job

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for ₹0

About the job

Some Careers Open More Doors Than Others.

If you’re looking for a career that will unlock new opportunities, join HSBC and experience the possibilities. Whether you want a career that could take you to the top, or simply take you in an exciting new direction, HSBC offers opportunities, support and rewards that will take you further.

We are currently seeking an intern to join the Global Technology Audit team.

Job Introduction

Global Internal Audit (GIA) provides independent, objective assurance to management and the risk and audit committees as to whether the framework of risk management, control, and governance processes, as designed and represented by management, is adequate and functioning.

The Global Technology audit team undertakes Information Technology (IT) audits across the HSBC Group. Team is responsible for providing independent evaluation of internal controls for all IT operations, applications, and projects.

This challenging position offers exposure to a wide spectrum of applications, technologies, and business knowledge.

Principal Responsibilities

Through on-the-job audit training:

    Learn to undertake risk assessment, control design review and audits of business applications, software development and technical infrastructure as part of various IT audits.
    Help provide consultancy services to IT and business management and other Internal Audit teams, covering IT strategy, architecture, security, risks, and controls.
    Learn to draft value-adding audit findings articulating key issues, risks, root causes and action plans and develop strong relationship with the IT management.
    Maintain knowledge of Global Internal Audit standards, and best practice within audit, financial services and in the risk environment.

Role Requirements / Education Qualifications / Certifications / Experience

    A University degree or equivalent qualification.
    An individual with keen interest to learn technology audits.
    Good written and verbal communication skills, analytical, problem-solving, and interpersonal skills.
    A solid team player, with a demonstrable desire to help the team as a whole achieve its objectives.

Additional Information

    The tenure of the Apprentice will be 1 (one) year as defined under Apprentices Act, 1961 and Apprenticeship Rules 1992 amended from time to time.
    All Apprentices will also be featured in NATS portal as an ‘Apprentice’. By virtue of them being covered under the provisions of the Act, a candidate profile will be created for each apprentice in the NATS portal, which will be available to them for viewing.
    On completion of the one-year Apprenticeship tenure, a Certificate of Proficiency will be issued to the apprentice by the Govt. of India, as applicable under the Act and the enrollment under the Apprenticeship Act will cease.
    All other clauses regarding the tenure of engagement as an Apprentice with HSBC will stand as mentioned in the offer letter issued at the time of joining.
    Mandatory to successfully complete Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions training and post-course assessment, as required.

You’ll achieve more when you join HSBC.

HSBC is committed to building a culture where all employees are valued, respected and opinions count. We take pride in providing a workplace that fosters continuous professional development, flexible working and opportunities to grow within an inclusive and diverse environment.

Personal data held by HSBC relating to employment applications will be used in accordance with our Privacy Statement, which is available on our website.
